fix and improve content on reference pages of table elements (#27958)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/thead/index.md

</table>
```

#### Cell spanning

> In order to allocate the header cells to the correct columns and rows, the [`colspan`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th#colspan) and [`rowspan`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th#rowspan) attributes are used on the {{HTMLElement("th")}} elements. The values set in these attributes specify how many cells each header cell ({{HTMLElement("th")}} element) is to span. Due to the way these attributes are set in this example, the two header cells in the second row are automatically placed in the correct location—fitting into the available areas in the table structure, with the default value being `1` for the [`colspan`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th#colspan) and [`rowspan`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th#rowspan) attributes. This is illustrated in the following figure, which corresponds to this example:

Author: "... span one row and one **column** as..." - use singular
```suggestion
In order to associate and line up the header cells with the correct columns and rows, the [`colspan`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th#colspan) and [`rowspan`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th#rowspan) attributes are used on the {{HTMLElement("th")}} elements. The values set in these attributes specify how many cells each header cell ({{HTMLElement("th")}}) spans. Due to the way these attributes are set, the two second-row header cells are lined up with the columns they head. These each span one row and one column as the default values for the [`colspan`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th#colspan) and [`rowspan`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th#rowspan) attributes are both `1`.

The column and row spanning demonstrated by this example are illustrated in the following figure:
```
